oh this is John Sullivan today we're
doing a card trick I don't even know who
manages chance mr. hands let's touch car
wash a card that Park okay don't take it
off special tune so now doing the
roasted attraction just get back my dick
some couples
one little midget little perhaps not go
through the day I was it a try to go
what's the flap of clothes okay all
right this is a very easy magic trick
what you wanna do is you want to go
through your neck and you just want to
find the car so I can tell where it's
facing up like just stepped up laughing
okay alright so you just want to make
sure all of these those so-called pips
for facing up like that most of it he
roasts of it here too lazy dudeski
exists chasing up with them and you
shouldn't use diamonds because they're
very easy to mix ups and so there's
microphones on the other side for
watching ideas you're going to have them
pick a car and so they'll pick a card
pick this car
a sack lunch now what you want don't
want them to you you don't want them to
turn the car like this you just want it
to be like this so while there's looking
at the cards you turn your deck so it's
a different way families to be then you
can shuffle it just so phone don't turn
the car around so now you look through
and you just for their card what was it
hey suburbs yes it was the spark so
suppose the card trick I would not
really what happened